# Coursera_Capstone_NewYork
Recommender Simulation

Being New York City one of the largest cities in the United States and in the world, known as a great land of opportunities, makes it a perfect place for a venue idea. Even due to its large populated boroughs such as Manhattan that could create a positive impact on sales, costs can be very high especially around downtown and its surrounding areas. The purpose of this project is to analyze the 5 different boroughs that compound New York City, its clusters, the number of neighborhoods per cluster, number of venues per cluster. Bringing to topic multiculturalism, ethnicity plays a vital role into selecting which type of venue will be a good fit. For example, Downtown Manhattan is best known for its italian restaurants and pizza places, on the other hand, we have Chinatown and we sure know what type of food is being served. 

As mentioned before, the main purpose of this project is to analyze neighborhoods that compound all 5 boroughs from the city of New York and conclude through a series of analyses which areas or area and which venue category or categories will best fit in New York City.

The data used on this project is based alone on New York City. Through Foursquare, data such as venues, venues categories and coordinates will be used alongside neighborhoods latitudes and longitudes coordinates to create a merged dataset that will allow the audience to comprehend throughout geospatial data the geography of New York City, population density, and number of local venues in each neighborhood and borough. Machine learning clustering analyses allows to create data visualization of the city neighborhoods and venues dataset and to conclude which venues could best fit an area based on venues frequency and population.
